docs: add preface for deprecated prebuilt detection rules page (#5968)
elastic/detection-rules: docs/deprecated-rules.md

# Deprecated prebuilt detection rules

> Elastic periodically retires prebuilt detection rules that have been superseded by improved coverage, renamed, or are no longer relevant to current threat landscapes. Deprecated rules are moved to a separate category rather than deleted so that users who have customized or enabled them retain a reference.

Reviewer: remove renamed, this is not the reason for deprecation

> Elastic periodically retires prebuilt detection rules that have been superseded by improved coverage, renamed, or are no longer relevant to current threat landscapes. Deprecated rules are moved to a separate category rather than deleted so that users who have customized or enabled them retain a reference.

Reviewer 2: Made some minor tweaks so users don't wonder if "retired" rules are different from "deprecated" ones. Also removed the part about rules being moved to a separate category because it could be interpreted as them being physically moved to a separate folder or location in the EPR package. 

```suggestion
Elastic periodically deprecates prebuilt detection rules that have been superseded by improved coverage, renamed, or are no longer relevant to current threat landscapes. Rather than deleting deprecated rules, Elastic keeps them available so that users who have customized or enabled them can refer back to them.
```

## What happens to deprecated rules

> Deprecated rules continue to function normally if you have enabled them. Elastic no longer maintains them, which means:

Reviewer 2: Small tweak to the first sentence because the following limitations slightly contradict the statement of deprecated rules running "normally".

```suggestion
Deprecated rules continue to run if you have enabled them. Elastic no longer maintains them, which means:
```

- They do not receive threat intelligence updates or query improvements.
- They may not reflect current data source field names or index patterns.
- They are not tested against new Elastic Stack releases.

## Recommended actions

When a rule is deprecated, Elastic typically provides a replacement rule with improved detection logic. To transition:

> 1. Identify the replacement rule using the rule name or description references in the deprecated rule's documentation.

Reviewer 2: A bit more specific. 

```suggestion
1. Find the replacement rule name in the deprecation notice displayed on the rule's detail page. Alternatively, find the deprecated rule in the Prebuilt rules reference to find the recommended replacement.
```

2. Enable the replacement rule and tune it to your environment.
3. Once satisfied with the replacement, you can disable or delete the deprecated rule.

> If no replacement is listed, the threat the rule addressed may no longer be relevant, or coverage may have been incorporated into a broader rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a replacement isn't listed in the deprecation notice on the rule's detail page or in the Prebuilt rules reference, the threat the rule addressed is no longer relevant, or its coverage has been incorporated into a broader rule.
```

## Managing deprecated rules in Kibana

> To view and manage deprecated rules in Kibana, go to **Security → Rules → Detection Rules** and filter by the **Deprecated** tag. See [manage detection rules](docs-content://solutions/security/detect-and-alert/manage-detection-rules.md) for full instructions.

Reviewer: For 9.4+ version, visit **Security → Rules → Detection Rules**. The deprecated rules notification will appear if you have deprecated rules installed.
